src/host/README.md, before:

# src/host

This directory implements the systems used by the `bin/host.js` command line tool.

The `bin/host.js` tool has two commands. The `run-plan` command operates a server and `bin/agent.js` instance to run test plans and the `read-plan` command reads files from disk and packages them for the `run-plan` command.

A short invocation of the `run-plan` command can be made with a list of files or file globs that make up a test plan. A test plan should contain tests for a single assistive technology to be tested. If for example all the reference files and test files are in two directories this command could be executed.

```sh
$ bin/host.js run-plan reference/** at/** >result.json
Starting...
Reference server listening on 'http://localhost:52147'.
Reference available on 'http://localhost:52147/gtmoyv'.
Removing reference from 'http://localhost:52147/gtmoyv'.
Stopping...
```

Developing `bin/host.js` you may want to use the mock test runner in `bin/agent.js`. Calling `host.js` with `--agent-mock` will enable the mock test runner.

```sh
$ bin/host.js run-plan --agent-mock reference/** at/** >result.json
...
```

The mock test runner will be removed in the near future and replaced with the ability to create a mock server that can be more tailored to individual mock use cases.

## "main" command

The `host` loads test plans, serves their files from a http server, runs each test through an `agent` instance, and reports the collected results for each test plan.

1. Start a server listening on a port
1. Read a test plan from disk or input stream
1. Add test plan files to a subdirectory on the server
1. Start an `agent` instance
1. Run each test in the test plan through the `agent` instance
1. Stop the `agent` instance
1. Emit the results of the test in a json format
1. If reading plans from stream, repeat from step 2
1. Stop the server
1. Gracefully exit

```
$ bin/host.js run-plan --help --show-hidden
host.js run-plan [plan-files..]

Run test plans

Positionals:
  plan-files  Files in a test plan                         [array] [default: []]

Options:
  --help                      Show help                                [boolean]
  --version                   Show version number                      [boolean]
  --quiet                     Disable all logging
  --debug                     Enable all logging
  --verbose                   Enable a subset of logging messages
  --tests-match               Files matching pattern in a test plan will be test
                              ed          [string] [default: "{,**/}test*.json"]
  --reference-hostname                                    [default: "localhost"]
  --plan-workingdir           Directory "plan-files" are relative to
                                                                  [default: "."]
  --plan-protocol               [choices: "fork", "developer"] [default: "fork"]
  --agent-web-driver-url                      [default: "http://localhost:4444"]
  --agent-web-driver-browser [choices: "chrome", "firefox"] [default: "firefox"]
  --agent-at-driver-url                       [default: "http://localhost:4382"]
  --agent-protocol              [choices: "fork", "developer"] [default: "fork"]
  --agent-quiet               Disable all logging
  --agent-debug               Enable all logging
  --agent-verbose             Enable a subset of logging messages
  --agent-mock                                                         [boolean]
  --agent-mock-open-page                            [choices: "request", "skip"]
  --show-hidden               Show hidden options                      [boolean]
```

### Loading a test plan

`bin/host.js` can load a test plan through the `read-plan` command (or developer
interface) with `src/host/plan-from.js`. For convenience the `run-plan` command
takes arguments prefixed with `plan` that map to arguments that can be passed to
`read-plan`, to read a plan.

### `bin/agent.js` communication

The host while managing an agent instance can operate it through the `bin/agent.js` tool or `src/agent/main.js` developer interface.

### `--verbose` options

The main command's verbose level can be set with `--debug`, `--quiet`, or `--verbose`. `--verbose` takes a comma separate list of the following logging message types.

- `start`
- `uncaughtError`
- `willStop`
- `startServer`
- `planRead`
- `serverListening`
- `stopServer`
- `addServerDirectory`
- `removeServerDirectory`
- `serverLog`
- `startAgent`
- `agentProtocol`
- `stopAgent`
- `agentLog`
- `agentCrashed`
- `startTest`

## `plan` command

```
host.js read-plan <files..>

Options:
  --help        Show help                                              [boolean]
  --version     Show version number                                    [boolean]
  --workingdir  Directory to read files from             [string] [default: "."]
```

Currently this command must be executed by a parent node process as a node fork child process.

Commit message:

Callback POST to URL (#20)
* first draft/testing callback post for each test run

* fix header split

* move callback to host side of arrangement

* further cleanup from moving to host side

* hide header param when set from environment

* testing test

* add new params to README

* Change env parsing, update mock, PR feedback

* update snapshots

src/host/README.md, after:

# src/host

This directory implements the systems used by the `bin/host.js` command line tool.

The `bin/host.js` tool has two commands. The `run-plan` command operates a server and `bin/agent.js` instance to run test plans and the `read-plan` command reads files from disk and packages them for the `run-plan` command.

A short invocation of the `run-plan` command can be made with a list of files or file globs that make up a test plan. A test plan should contain tests for a single assistive technology to be tested. If for example all the reference files and test files are in two directories this command could be executed.

```sh
$ bin/host.js run-plan reference/** at/** >result.json
Starting...
Reference server listening on 'http://localhost:52147'.
Reference available on 'http://localhost:52147/gtmoyv'.
Removing reference from 'http://localhost:52147/gtmoyv'.
Stopping...
```

Developing `bin/host.js` you may want to use the mock test runner in `bin/agent.js`. Calling `host.js` with `--agent-mock` will enable the mock test runner.

```sh
$ bin/host.js run-plan --agent-mock reference/** at/** >result.json
...
```

The mock test runner will be removed in the near future and replaced with the ability to create a mock server that can be more tailored to individual mock use cases.

## "main" command

The `host` loads test plans, serves their files from a http server, runs each test through an `agent` instance, and reports the collected results for each test plan.

1. Start a server listening on a port
1. Read a test plan from disk or input stream
1. Add test plan files to a subdirectory on the server
1. Start an `agent` instance
1. Run each test in the test plan through the `agent` instance
1. Stop the `agent` instance
1. Emit the results of the test in a json format
1. If reading plans from stream, repeat from step 2
1. Stop the server
1. Gracefully exit

```
$ bin/host.js run-plan --help --show-hidden
host.js run-plan [plan-files..]

Run test plans

Positionals:
  plan-files  Files in a test plan                         [array] [default: []]

Options:
  --help                      Show help                                [boolean]
  --version                   Show version number                      [boolean]
  --quiet                     Disable all logging
  --debug                     Enable all logging
  --verbose                   Enable a subset of logging messages
  --tests-match               Files matching pattern in a test plan will be test
                              ed          [string] [default: "{,**/}test*.json"]
  --reference-hostname                                    [default: "localhost"]
  --plan-workingdir           Directory "plan-files" are relative to
                                                                  [default: "."]
  --plan-protocol               [choices: "fork", "developer"] [default: "fork"]
  --agent-web-driver-url                      [default: "http://localhost:4444"]
  --agent-web-driver-browser [choices: "chrome", "firefox"] [default: "firefox"]
  --agent-at-driver-url                       [default: "http://localhost:4382"]
  --agent-protocol              [choices: "fork", "developer"] [default: "fork"]
  --agent-quiet               Disable all logging
  --agent-debug               Enable all logging
  --agent-verbose             Enable a subset of logging messages
  --agent-mock                                                         [boolean]
  --agent-mock-open-page                            [choices: "request", "skip"]
  --callback-url              URL to POST test results to as they complete
  --callback-header           Header to send with callback request
  --show-hidden               Show hidden options                      [boolean]
```

### Loading a test plan

`bin/host.js` can load a test plan through the `read-plan` command (or developer
interface) with `src/host/plan-from.js`. For convenience the `run-plan` command
takes arguments prefixed with `plan` that map to arguments that can be passed to
`read-plan`, to read a plan.

### `bin/agent.js` communication

The host while managing an agent instance can operate it through the `bin/agent.js` tool or `src/agent/main.js` developer interface.

### `--verbose` options

The main command's verbose level can be set with `--debug`, `--quiet`, or `--verbose`. `--verbose` takes a comma separate list of the following logging message types.

- `start`
- `uncaughtError`
- `willStop`
- `startServer`
- `planRead`
- `serverListening`
- `stopServer`
- `addServerDirectory`
- `removeServerDirectory`
- `serverLog`
- `startAgent`
- `agentProtocol`
- `stopAgent`
- `agentLog`
- `agentCrashed`
- `startTest`

## `plan` command

```
host.js read-plan <files..>

Options:
  --help        Show help                                              [boolean]
  --version     Show version number                                    [boolean]
  --workingdir  Directory to read files from             [string] [default: "."]
```

Currently this command must be executed by a parent node process as a node fork child process.
